Core volunteering docs (#34)
srobo/runbook: docs/volunteering/glossary.md

: the 6 months (or so) between _Kickstart_ and the _Competition_ during which
teams build their robots; see also _SRnnnn_

_Core Team_:

: the group of 8 or so volunteers responsible for delivering a particular year's
_Competition programme_.

[_GitHub_](https://github.com/srobo):

: a platform for hosting code repositories which we also use to coordinate tasks

_Kickstart_:

: the start of the competition year, when we hand out kits to teams

_Mentor_:

: a volunteer who helps teams build their robots

_Shepherd_:

: a volunteer at the competition event who helps ensure teams make it to their
matches on time

[_Slack_][https://studentrobotics.slack.com/]:

: an instant-messaging tool we use for quick discussions

_SR_:

: a shortened form of Student Robotics

_srobo_:

: another shortened form of Student Robotics

_SRnnnn_ (e.g: SR2019):

: this is the canonical way to refer to a given year's competition programme;
the year number is the calendar year in which the competition event takes place,
so SR2019 was the _competition programme_ which ran from November 2018 until
April 2019

_Tech Day_

: during the _competition year_ we organise events at which the teams can come

> with their robots and get extra help from _mentors_ as well as meet other teams

Reviewer: Some glossary suggestions:

- TLA
- SRComp
- Rookie Team
- Token, and how this differentiates from a Marker

Author: Hrm.
I'm not sure there's a benefit in this glossary merely encompassing all possible terms (i.e: a dictionary), nor do I want it to become either a duplicate of the rulebook or other resources.

For example: I'd hope that "SRComp" would be sufficiently googleable and "Rookie Team" clear enough from its constituent words' meaning.

Will have a think about how to draw the line here.

Author: Turns out: "SRComp" is semi-googleable. You do get some results which I'd call "right", but many which aren't.

Author: 4b3e20a

# Glossary

While we try to use terminology which are clear and/or well known, here's a list
you can check if you're not sure!

<!---
Note to editors; please:
- keep this list in alphabetical order
- ensure that, within the list, usages of other terms defined in the list are
  emphasised suitably
--->

_Competition programme_:

: the overall programme of events and activities which the teams participate in

_Competition year_:

: the 6 months (or so) between _Kickstart_ and the _Competition_ during which
teams build their robots; see also _SRnnnn_

> _Core Team_:

Reviewer: This is outdated. I suggest replacing this with definitions of the Competition and Kit Team.

Reviewer 2: I don't think it should be replaced, but I think saying it's what the Competition Team was referred to as for the 2019 competition cycle is definitely worthwhile.

Reviewer: At the very least, the definitions of the competition and kit team should be here.

Author: a13a57b

: the group of 8 or so volunteers responsible for delivering a particular year's
_Competition programme_.

[_GitHub_](https://github.com/srobo):

> : a platform for hosting code repositories which we also use to coordinate tasks

Reviewer: I personally think it would be better to focus on GitHub as a project management tool rather than as a code hosting platform. Code can be scary for new volunteers, and ultimately we do use it primarily for organisation.

Reviewer 2: This definition is accurate for what GitHub is, and what we use it for. 

> GitHub is a development platform

src: https://github.com/

Perhaps something like:

```suggestion
: a development platform, used to host code repositories and to coordinate tasks
```

Author: 5f141692c693428140e4fdb47fa11a6df0c26db7

_Kickstart_:

: the start of the competition year, when we hand out kits to teams

_Mentor_:

: a volunteer who helps teams build their robots

_Shepherd_:

: a volunteer at the competition event who helps ensure teams make it to their
matches on time

[_Slack_](https://studentrobotics.slack.com/):

: an instant-messaging tool we use for quick discussions

_SR_:

> : a shortened form of Student Robotics

Reviewer 3: Just making this a bit clearer that it's a term, not a shortened version of the competition itself

```suggestion
: a shortening of 'Student Robotics'
```

Author: 40d6595f7a18790e96b6ad8ec0d4566e96abbdb4

[_SRComp_](https://github.com/PeterJCLaw/srcomp/wiki):

: a software stack which we use to run competition events

_srobo_:

> : another shortened form of Student Robotics

Reviewer 3: Same as above, plus a mention of SR above
```suggestion
: another shortening of 'Student Robotics' (same as _SR_)
```

Author: 40d6595f7a18790e96b6ad8ec0d4566e96abbdb4
